DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now, Drago!
Bakugan brawl!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC & CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]
THEME SONG: What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall gotta give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This Bakugan.
[music playing]
[scanners]
Sir, sensors have picked up a Gundalian ship, Subterra class.
[ship's engines]
NURZAK: The Sacred Orb that Emperor Barodius seeks not only
holds the secret to the origin of the Bakugan,
but it is also the source of their ability
to continually evolve.
An object possessing such great power
is incredibly dangerous to anyone who
does not fully understand it.
That is the reason why the emperor's
father chose not to pursue it.
He believed it would bring about the destruction
of anyone who possessed it.
Then why does Emperor Barodius have
such a lust for the Sacred Orb?
He believes that he can harness the Orb's power
and use it to his own advantage.
[laughs] Surely you realize that my father was
a superstitious fool, Nurzak.
There is no reason to fear the power of the Sacred Orb,
rather we should embrace it and use it to create
the Ultimate Warrior Bakugan.
[evil laugh]
What about you, Nurzak?
What do you believe?
[battle music]
DAN (VOICEOVER): Bakugan Battle Brawlers
in \"The Secret of the Orb.\"
CAPTAIN ELRIGHT: Thanks to the power from Drago's element,
the restored second shield is even stronger than before.
The Subterra ship we spotted is likely just a scout,
otherwise we'd be under attack now.
The battlements are all rebuilt, so now what?
Maybe we should send out some of our own scouts?
We need to be cautious.
I say we put a team together and go restart
the first security shield.
We can do it.
The Gundalians have retreated for now,
so it'll be easy to creep right in under their noses.
So I guess you have a plan of attack then, Dan.
Well, I, um, uh--
[music playing]
You're clueless, aren't you?
Mm- hmm.
Ah!
Hmm.
What!
BARODIUS: Our scouts have reported
that the second shield is operating at increased power.
Tell me you've got a strategy, Kazarina.
If we increase Exokor's ability level to a class two,
then regardless of the shield strength
I am confident that Dharak will be able to crush it
like a tin can.
Those are strong words, Kazarina.
Yes.
How long would it take to give Exokor the required overhaul?
Three days.
Are you serious?
Who knows what the Neathian forces are doing while we
sit here twiddling our thumbs.
Emperor Barodius, I recommend that we
strike back immediately.
Did you hear me?
The shield is stronger than before.
It would be a struggle for our troops to breach it
should they attack.
And whose fault is that?
Grr.
Gill makes a good point.
Every moment we give the Neathians
provides them with an increased advantage,
which we cannot afford.
The fact is, we must be ready to attack at any moment,
and we will do so, Kazarina.
Yes, sire.
I want you to lead a reconnaissance mission
so you can advise on our first strike point.
Take Nurzak with you.
Me, sire?
Wouldn't I be better, uh--
How dare you question the emperor's orders?
Why don't you leave the strategizing
to the grownups, little girl?
[growls]
[suspenseful music]
Dude, what's going on?
Status report.
Talk to me.
The dimensional radar has picked up
another ship approaching.
It's definitely Gundalian in origin.
It's a Haos ship.
It's Kazarina.
Nurzak, Emperor Barodius has ordered
the both of us to lead a reconnaissance mission
on the surface.
NURZAK: Very well then.
Gill better not have any ideas about being second-in-command.
That will never happen.
Mason, I hope for your sake you prove
more useful than your counterparts
Sid, Jesse, and Lena did.
Get there and bring me some results.
Yes, Mistress Kazarina.
Be on your way.
I'll send your orders soon.
Yes, ma'am.
KAZARINA (VOICEOVER): I'll knock down the second shield
and prove to Emperor Barodius that I am the only one
worthy of being his right hand.
Looks like their scout ship has picked up a friend.
Well Dan, it's not an attack force yet,
but it's safe to say they're gearing up for something.
Yeah, yeah, but what, dude?
Man!
It's making me crazy.
Well, rather than sitting around guessing,
why don't we take a look for ourselves?
What do you say, Akwimos?
Shall we?
You bet ya, buddy.
Let's do this!
OK, great.
We'll join you guys too.
Totally!
It's Fabia's backyard so she should take the lead.
Right!
AVIOR: Are you sure you want to do this, Mason.
MASON: If we don't make a move now we're done for, got it?
You there.
You don't have clearance for this area.
[grunting]
Kazarina got one thing right.
I'm definitely not like the others.
[transporter sounds]
AVIOR: Well, that's that.
There's no turning back now.
What?
Are you having second thoughts?
MASON: Are you kidding me?
We're a team, Mason.
I'm with you all the way.
[tense music]
Is that Mason?
Mistress Kazarina, Mason and Avior have fled the ship!
Huh, what?
That weasel.
Grr.
You need to calm down, Kazarina.
Where does he think he can go?
Is it possible that he's switching sides on us?
Oh!
How dare he?
After giving him a chance to redeem himself,
he's going to betray us and humiliate
me in front of the emperor!
Just take it easy, Kazarina.
He can't get very far.
Nurzak?
For the time being, this is our secret.
If I capture him quickly, the emperor will never know.
You would like that wouldn't you because then I would
be in your debt, of course.
[evil chuckle]
You old man.
You better not cross me.
[nature sounds]
Are you nervous, Ren?
Huh?
Well, your teammates have been taken down one by one.
Aren't you worried your days are numbered?
I prefer to focus on the task at hand, which is why I have
to ask you to tell me more about your thoughts on the Sacred
Orb.
Do you really believe what you said to Sabator earlier?
You should know better by now than to eavesdrop
on your superiors, Ren.
Huh.
[grumbling]
[radar pings]
I swear I just saw the dimensional transporter
signal flash twice, which is really weird because I--
Shh.
Somebody's coming.
Stay very still.
Oh, no!
It's Ren!
Marucho.
Hmm.
This is a surprise, but one we could take advantage of.
You're awfully brave coming here by yourselves.
Yeah, Yeah.
Don't think I've forgotten about your betrayal.
Of course not.
[battle music]
REN (VOICEOVER): Defeat is not an option, Linehalt.
MARUCHO (VOICEOVER): Time to settle the score, Akwimos.
Game card set.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan stand!
Go Aquos Akwimos.
Time to throw down.
Cool as the rule!
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan stand!
Rise Darkus Linehalt!
Ha!
Let's go!
Ability activate!
Razen Breaker!
[roar]
Big deal.
Ability activate.
Heal Blue!
Ah!
Ability activate.
Gigarth Ray!
Ha!
Ahh!
Akwimos!
There's more where that came from.
Ability activate!
Dark Saber!
Ah!
[roars]
You never learn.
Ability activate.
Loop Shield!
[water rushing]
FABIA (VOICEOVER): Ren's fighting
like his life depends on it.
He must be in trouble with the emperor
Keep your eye out for weakness.
Hold on.
Ren and I have a history.
I wanna take him down.
The way he just betrayed us after all we did.
Get it together.
Crying over spilt milk.
Ha!
Get over it, Marucho.
It's all part of the game.
Of course I pretended to be your friend,
but that was all part of the strategy.
Deception is merely a tool.
Don't take it so personally.
There's no crying in battle.
You're embarrassing yourself.
You say that, but I still can't believe that you mean it.
Believe it, Marucho, every word of it.
This is the real me.
Grr.
Ahh!
[electronic beeps]
COMPUTER: Ready Gigarth.
You just read my mind.
[electronic hum]
All right.
Battle Gear Boost!
[transformer sounds]
AKWIMOS: Dude, your battling partner is a real bummer,
maybe you should switch to a team with some heart.
Heart is overrated.
I prefer killer instinct.
Yeah, yeah.
Whatever, dude.
It's your funeral.
Bring it on, fish man.
Battle Gear ability activate.
Mega Blaster Lock.
Oh, man!
Gate card open.
Healing Up!
[roars]
Really?
That's a bit soon.
Battle Gear ability activate.
Woo!
Gigarth Pointer!
Nice one there, boss.
[explosion]
Huh?
[groans]
This is much too painful to sit around and watch.
Game card set.
Ha!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Subterra Sabator attack!
[roars]
Marucho, let me take on Nurzak, OK.
Here we go!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand.
I Haos Aranaut from the Castle Knights will take you down.
Are you ready to give up?
Even you know me better than that.
Bakugan brawl!
Sensors indicate that Nurzak and Ren are involved
in a battle on the surface.
Does that mean they're battling against Mason?
So what exactly is going on down there?
Everything looks the same here.
I should have brought a compass with me.
Huh?
I passed that rock half an hour ago.
[laughs] I've been walking in circles this whole time!
[radar pings]
Who are Marucho and Fabia battling against?
Run a Bakugan DNA scan, please.
All of our sensors are indicating it's Subterra
Sabator and Darkus Linehalt.
Hey, doesn't Linehalt belong to--
Good old Ren.
[grunting] [growls]
Double whammy.
Ability activate.
Brucam Wilder.
[growls] I'm gonna bury you.
Not likely.
Smile sucker.
Hey!
[growls]
[grunts]
Ahh!
He took them both out at the same time?
No way.
Ren has grown so much stronger.
Ability activate.
I don't need you interfering.
Out of my way, boy.
But Master Nurzak--
Ability activate.
Destroy Horn.
Ability activate!
Heal Blue.
Ah!
[growls]
Ah, dude. Not again.
This stinks.
My turn.
Stay out of this.
This is between Ren and I.
Huh?
What is this little troll griping about?
We are here to fight.
Marucho, be careful, please.
You're letting your anger get in the way.
Ah.
If we focus, we can finish these guys
off once and for all.
[electronic beeps]
COMPUTER: Ready Battle Crusher.
Ready Gigarth.
You children are annoyingly persistent.
Battle Gear Boost!
[grunting]
[transformer sounds]
Battle Gear ability activate!
Battle Crusher Duke.
Go!
Gigarth Pointer!
Cool as the rule, dude.
Mega Blaster Lock!
Chamber Land Breaker!
[growls]
[huge crash]
Ahh!
[groaning]
[mystical sounds]
[grunting] Ahh!
Mason!
[grunting]
[mystical sounds]
Ah!
Somethings wrong with the Sacred Orb.
Our sensors are picking up a massive dimensional twister
near the front line.
Oh no.
That's where Fabia and Marucho are.
Watch out!
That's a dimensional twister.
If we get caught up in that we'll be
bounced around between dimensions
and won't be able to make our way back.
That's not good.
The Sacred Orb is angry.
NURZAK: It is sending us a warning.
Huh?
Oh!
Hmm.
[mystical sounds]
It seems that our former emperor's
theory was correct after all.
It is time we retreat, Sabator.
Yes, sir.
Master Nurzak!
Trust me, Ren.
We do not want to anger the Sacred Orb any further.
Huh?
They're escaping!
Ready to go?
Yes.
[transporter sounds]
Ren, no!
Marucho, don't go!
[grunting]
We'll protect you, Princess.
[mystical sounds]
[action music]
I learned some very valuable truths today.
How about you?
What have you learned, Ren?
[soft music]
Thank goodness you both made it back safely.
So why do you think the Sacred Orb got so gnarly?
Maybe it was all that earthquake action
from the battling that made it mad.
I don't think so.
We've been fighting the Gundalians for quite some time.
That's right, and if the quakes from those battles
didn't anger it, then why now?
Something must have changed.
What was different about this battle?
The difference is there were two friends fighting each other
on the battlefield today.
What do you mean?
I know you think I'm crazy, but I'm telling
you Ren will come back to us.
You allow that worthless Mason to escape
and you lose to the Brawlers!
I am sorry Emperor Barodius.
Please forgive me.
I'll do anything!
You have already done enough.
[explosive sound]
Oh!
[screams] [moans] [heavy breathing]
What do you want?
I'm sorry.
I didn't get Mason, but the pain of your punishment will pass.
Did you come here to offer me hollow words of condolence,
or are you just trying to rub it in?
Either way, I don't have time for this, Nurzak.
Actually Kazarina, the real reason that I came
was to tell you that I'm leaving the emperor.
Why should I care about that?
Because now that Gill is the emperor's second-in-command,
it would seem that you need to hang your hat somewhere else,
and quickly.
Ha!
You don't beat around the bush, do you Nurzak?
Very well then, consider us partners in crime.
ZENET: Totally had it with that loser Ren.
He keeps blowing it, yet somehow Emperor Barodius
keeps him around and punishes everyone else for his failures.
Well, I'm not taking the fall for him, that's for sure.
No one's going to erase me for something that's not my fault.
It's time the others knew what a valuable member of the team I
really am.
I'll use that weirdo Shun to help me demonstrate
my mad brawling skills.
Maybe you should tune in as well to see me in action.
Bakugan brawl!
That's right.
Girls rock and I'll prove it.
[theme music]